man sports complex capacity 14,000 and a
strong crowd expected for the evening
session with medals at stake first up
like it is the boys 100-meter backstroke
eight of made the final the lineup
coming right now
late number one Connor green of the
United States the seventeen-year-old
lane number two is Dylan Carter of
Trinidad and Tobago haha there is the
Japanese swimmer cater sunama 55.5 to in
his semi fastest man in the cities does
the number four in your picture Dennis
wraps ease of Lithuania the European
champion in the 200-meter backstroke 55
/ 03 in his semi-final
our green goes in late number five
apostolos crystal 55.2 Oh in his semi
plenty of Greek supports as well in this
stadium Grigori terrace a bitch goes in
six of Russia arguably starts as the
favorite after three goals in the
european junior championships in Poland
55 in 59 in his semi-final Lane number
seven Peter Sam Cox of Brazil 50 5.56 to
qualify
Luka men Carini of Italy 55-point 89 to
qualify so any point eighth of a second
separating all eight boys day two of the
four FINA World Junior swimming
championships all of the semi-finals and
the final and medal ceremonies as well
you can get involved you can tweet me at
Jacobs pen perhaps you're a parent
watching and would like to shout out to
your son or daughter alternatively you
can follow UAE swimming for all of the
latest updates and results including a
catch up from earlier this is the boys
100-meter backstroke final so of course
they start in the water first event of
the evening session on day two of the
fourth cleaner world junior swimming
championships and here we go
just the two laps late number to a
strong stock like Dylan Carter he's the
early leader also going well in lane
number eight is Luka man Carini
at the 50s mark though it is the Greek
cristo leading 26.4 six second place
Carter from Trinidad and a third it's
green of the USA tarasova chip russia
and six not out of this one apostolos
cristo in lane number five though just
about has the edge with five meters to
go and he looks like taking gold for
Greece and does so 54.8 74 Cristo of
Greece
he's coming back strongly the lithuania
to take silver in lane number law and
the bronze medal going to the Russia
Tara save it with Carter trinidad and
tobago who started so well just missing
out so gold in the first event for a
posse de los cristo
flags are waving European champion in
the children meter backstroke has to
settle for silver in the 100-meter
backstroke that is done a scrap sea salt
lick you a Nia
and that medal ceremony will be live in
around about one hour's time where you
will hear the Greek national anthem